Don't care about design I just need it to work correctly.

So all my pages will be designed by someone else. I want to be able to give them html files and say go to it so for all the pages I have and are created in the future I would like html pages unless it is not possible. If not possible then the php parts should be separated in a way where I can just give it to my designer and they won't be confused by all the php/know all my sensitive code structure.

I need a more efficient way to display content to users. Currently I have to create 4 separate pages in each php file based on user access. Is there a way we can separate this load and make it easy to edit a page for a particular user? I don't want to have to design a page and then copy and paste that same page 4 times. Everyone would have the same page but only little things are changed here or there based on their access level.

I need a user signup page. It should be an html page. When they submit it sends the data securely and logs them in as user. All signups are "user" access levels by default. All sensitive data like password, both questions and answers should be hashed512. Please add salt and pepper to the hash for added protection. The user should be able to create their 2 questions themselves. Of course, all this info needs to be secure and protected against hacks of any kind.

Login.php should be a html page that then sends the data securely on submit of login.

Need a forgot password page. Should be html but sends the data securely. User should enter their email address. After the email address is confirmed that it is actually legitimate then it sends the user an email at that email address. It is a link verification that they click on it takes them to a page where it displays their email address and asks one of their security questions. If user gets it wrong then question 2 is asked. If yes for either than it asks the user to make a new password. That new password is hash512 with salt and pepper for total protection. Once they do they will be directed to the login page where they have to enter their new info (no automatic login).

I need to be able to manually enter a number for any particular game. What I need is a page that has a dropdown menu that lists all the game names (it is grouped by state in the dropdown) when I select whatever one then it allows me to select a date (should be a calendar...the default value is last game that I selected..it's last night that it was drawn). Then based on the game that I had select in the dropdown menu it creates the correct number of text boxes for each spot. For example, Massachusetts Daily Eve has 4 spots...it would display 4 boxes for me to enter the numbers and then I can save it. If a number already exists for that date then it is displayed in the text boxes and I can update the the numbers in the text box.

Expression page - I have a dropdown that lists all the games (sorted by state) then based on that the expression for that game (already in db) is displayed in a textbox. I can then edit that textbox to my liking and click Preview and without reloading the page I can see the values that I just got from the expression. When I'm happy I can then save it. So I essentially go to that website that is in the db and use that expression that is loaded in the textbox to get the data and display those results when I click Preview. It does NOT save the data into the database..it just runs to make sure when I tweek an expression that it is actually working.

Errors page. It currently lists all the errors with checkboxes next to them which is great. However, I want to be able to Select All/None added to the top of the page and bottom of the page. I also need two more buttons added to the top and bottom...they are Rerun and Edit Number. Edit Number allows me to manually enter the number for that date...(same thing as what I said above about manually entering page). Rerun allows me to go to the site again and try to reinsert the data...just for those that are checked though. If it is successful then it deletes the error message. I need the error to display on the error page as the following way:

date, time, state, game name, error message

It should also display the newest first by default but also need to be able to sort it by each column...be able to click and sort by asc or desc with a click.